Update Passwordless Authentication documentation (#7843)
jdavis/twofactorauth: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Passwordless Authentication

> Many sites are now offering passwordless authentication, which replaces the password
> (something you know) with a different factor, such as something you have or are.
> Examples of this would be sites that allow users to use a U2F key or a magic link
> to login but do not have a second factor available. Since there is still only one
> factor being used (although it may not be a password), it does not constitute two-factor
> authentication.
> 
> These sites can be added to the [Passkeys Directory][passkeys-directory]. The repository
> is [2factorauth/passkeys][passkeys-repository].

Reviewer: What do you think about something similar to this?
It gives less of a negative tone whilst still conveying that the reader should use the other directory. Obviously, edit it as you wish.

```suggestion
Many sites now offer passwordless authentication, replacing the traditional password (something you know) with a different factor, such as something you have or are. Examples include sites allowing users to log in using a U2F key or a magic link without requiring a second factor. While these methods enhance security, it's important to note that our 2FA Directory focuses on platforms providing two distinct factors for authentication. For passkey-specific options, we invite you to explore the [Passkeys Directory][passkeys-directory]. The repository is [2factorauth/passkeys][passkeys-repository].
```

Author: Perfect!
